feat: add docs on how to use the terminal with your shell (#2238)
mendersoftware/mender-docs: 09.Add-ons/50.Remote-Terminal/docs.md

!!!!! See [the Mender features page](https://mender.io/product/features?target=_blank)
!!!!! for an overview of all Mender plans and features.

## Using your own terminal

It is possible to use the remote terminal feature from you own terminal instead of the UI.
To achieve this please download the [mender-cli](../../10.Downloads/docs.md#mender-cli) tool.

> You will need the Device ID and the JWT token, both accessible from the UI.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
You will need the Device ID and your session token, both accessible from the UI.
```

Author: I'm suggesting a PAT and a session token as means to achieve this.
Would you like me to remove the PAT and keep in session, or you missed the part where both are used?

Reviewer: The fact that the session token is a JWT is a technical detail; from a user's point of view, it's a token.
I'd suggest removing the word JWT.

Author: Deal, using "access token" instead - to make a distinction between session token and PAT

Device ID is available under the UI under `DEVICES -> select device -> Identity -> ID`.

> For the JWT token you can use whatever way works best for you, a [PAT](../../08.Server-integration/01.Using-the-apis/docs.md#personal-access-tokens) or 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
For the session token you can use whatever way works best for you, a [PAT](../../08.Server-integration/01.Using-the-apis/docs.md#personal-access-tokens) or 
```

Author: Same as
https://github.com/mendersoftware/mender-docs/pull/2238/files#r1360402989

a session token (`Settings -> My profile -> Session token`) are the quickest.

``` bash
DEVICE_ID=<Fill with yours>
SESSION_TOKEN=<Fill with yours>

> 

Reviewer: Actually, if you log in using the mender-cli you don't need to specify the token.
`mender-cli login` and then you can connect to the remote terminal, that's it.

Author: Will add this, tnx

./mender-cli --server https://eu.hosted.mender.io --token-value $SESSION_TOKEN terminal $DEVICE_ID
```

> 

Reviewer: You don't need three new lines here (nit-pick).

Author: Fixing
